(indistinct conversations)
(clink)
IF I COULD JUST HAVE EVERYBODY'S
ATTENTION REAL QUICK.
UM, ON THIS
WONDERFUL OCCASION--
OUR DAUGHTER LEAVING TOMORROW
FOR COLLEGE...
(Mitchell) OH.
IF I COULD GET EVERYONE
TO RAISE THEIR GLASS
AS I QUOTE FROM ONE
OF OUR NATION'S GREAT FATHERS--
JEFFERSON.
GEORGE JEFFERSON.
"I NEVER DREAMED
THAT ONE OF MY OWN
"WOULD BE GOING OFF
TO A UNIVERSITY,
"BUT HERE I STAND,
A PROUD BLACK MAN,
KNOWING THAT ALL THOSE HOURS
I PUT IN AT THE DRY CLEANER--"
PHIL.
NOT NOW, WEEZIE.
WHERE WAS I?
QUOTING THAT PRESIDENT.
OKAY, IF SHE'S
THE FUTURE OF AMERICA,
WE SHOULD START USING
CHINESE MONEY NOW.
(scoffs) WE ALREADY ARE.
MY ARM IS TIRED. TO HALEY.
TO HALEY!
(glasses clink)
AND BEFORE EVERYONE
PUTS THEIR GLASSES DOWN,
UH, UH, WE'RE ALSO
VERY PROUD OF LILY.
TOMORROW IS HER FIRST DAY
OF KINDERGARTEN.
TO LILY.
(Gloria) OH, LILY.
(Phil) TO LILY.
TO LILY. AND YOU'LL
BE IMPRESSED TO KNOW
THAT SHE'S GONNA BE ONE
OF THE SMARTEST GIRLS THERE.
LILY, SWEETIE,
WHAT'S THE SQUARE ROOT OF 64?
8.
(Haley) WOW.
(Jay) HEY!
NICE TRICK.
HEY, LILY, WHAT'S
THE SQUARE ROOT OF THIS POTATO?
8.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU HAVE A PARROT.
(mouths words)
WE COULDN'T EVEN
GET THROUGH THE TOAST TO HALEY
BEFORE YOU PULLED FOCUS
TO LILY.
OH, COME ON. IT'S--IT'S A BIG
DAY FOR BOTH OF THEM. HUH?
HALEY GOING TO COLLEGE
IS A MIRACLE.
LILY GOING TO KINDERGARTEN
IS THE LAW.
WELL, HALEY AND LILY AREN'T
THE ONLY ONES STARTING SCHOOL.
MY MOM AND JAY ARE GOING
TO PARENTING CLASS.
WE'RE DOING IT FOR THE BABY.
NOT THIS BABY. THAT BABY.
MANNY DOESN'T BELIEVE THAT
WE KNOW WHAT WE'RE DOING.
A COUPLE OF NEW HAIRS
UNDER HIS ARM,
AND NOW HE THINKS HE KNOWS
MORE THAN HIS OWN MOTHER.
I KNOW NOT TO
EMBARRASS MY SON
AS HE STANDS
ON THE THRESHOLD OF MANHOOD.
I DON'T KNOW WHY I HAVE
TO GO TO THIS THING.
IN CASE YOU'VE FORGOTTEN,
I RAISED TWO KIDS.
(Mitchell) OW. OW!
(Claire) OW!
OW! OW!
STOP PULLING MY HAIR.
STOP TWISTING MY NIPPLE. OW!
SHUT UP. SHUT UP.
WHY LOOK AT ME?
IT WAS THEIR MOTHER'S FAULT.
I WAS BARELY AROUND.
NO! OW, OW!
♪♪
HALEY, THIS IS, LIKE,
THE THIRD BAG
OF MAKEUP
AND HAIR CARE PRODUCTS.
DAD, IF YOU WANT ME TO GET GOOD
GRADES, I HAVE TO LOOK CUTE.
DON'T SAY A WORD.
NO. NO.
I AGREE WITH THAT PREMISE.
THANK YOU. WAIT.
YEAH, THANK YOU.
CLAIRE.
MM-HMM?
IN HALEY'S STUFF,
A BOX OF CONDOMS.
YEAH. UM, I-I BOUGHT THOSE
FOR HER.
WHAT? WHY DON'T YOU JUST
BUY HER SOME FISHNET STOCKINGS
AND A NURSE'S OUTFIT?
(sighs)
NOT THAT THAT'S MY THING.
THAT JUST POPPED INTO MY HEAD.
HONEY, SHE'S AN ADULT,
AND SHE'S GOING TO COLLEGE.
I WANT TO BE REALISTIC.
I DON'T WANT HER
TO GET CAUGHT UNPREPARED.
24 TIMES? WHAT, ARE YOU
BUYING HER A 4-YEAR SUPPLY?
(scoffs) PLEASE.
PHIL, THAT WOULD'VE LASTED ME
AND MY COLLEGE BOYFRIEND,
LIKE, A LONG--
LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA!
(sighs)
OKAY, WE GOT TO HIT THE ROAD.
GIVE YOUR SISTER
A HUG GOOD-BYE.
DON'T DORK UP OUR ROOM.
DON'T SLUT UP YOUR COLLEGE.
SERIOUSLY, THOUGH,
DON'T STUDY TOO HARD, OKAY?
I'M TOTALLY
GOING TO HAVE FUN.
I'M ICELAND
IN THE MOCK U.N.
MOM, WE'RE GONNA LOSE HER.
I AM DOING MY BEST.
LUKE, COME SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR SISTER.
(muffled voice)
I'M RIGHT HERE.
BYE, HALEY. HAVE FUN.
DON'T DRINK TOO MUCH BEER
AND SHOTS OF TEQUILA.
WHY ARE YOU WEARING
THAT MASK?
UH, I LIKE IT.
HE DOESN'T WANT YOU
TO SEE HIM CRY.
HE'S LITERALLY
MASKING HIS EMOTIONS.
NO!
THAT'S SO SWEET.
COME HERE.
IT'S NOT SWEET.
I'M AN EVIL CYBORG.
HALF MY FACE WAS BURNED OFF
IN AN INDUSTRIAL ACCIDENT,
AND THE MASK IS HIDING
THE SERVOS
THAT CONTROL MY MOUTH.
OH!
YES, I AM SAD
HALEY IS LEAVING,
BUT I'M GONNA BE OKAY KNOWING
I'VE DONE EVERYTHING I CAN
TO GET HER SET UP AND PREPARED
AND OFF ON THE RIGHT FOOT.
NOT ME. WHEN WE'RE STANDING IN
HER DORM ROOM SAYING GOOD-BYE,
IT'S GONNA BE ONE OF THE MOST
EMOTIONAL MOMENTS OF MY LIFE.
I'M GONNA CRY HARDER THAN
THE FIRST TIME I SAW
"AIR BUD"...
OH.
ESPECIALLY
WHEN I GIVE HER THIS.
"PHIL'S-OSOPHY."
A HARDBOUND COLLECTION OF ALL
THE LIFE LESSONS I'VE LEARNED,
SUCH AS...
"ALWAYS LOOK PEOPLE
IN THE EYE,
"EVEN IF THEY'RE BLIND.
JUST SAY,
'I'M LOOKING YOU IN THE EYE.'"
OR...
"IF YOU GET PULLED OVER
FOR SPEEDING,
TELL THE POLICEMAN
YOUR SPOUSE HAS DIARRHEA."
"PHIL'S-OSOPHY."
(children playing)
LOOK HOW MUCH FUN
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE HERE, LILY.
SO MANY GREAT TOYS
TO PLAY WITH,
AND YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
SO MANY NEW FRIENDS.
OH, I WISH I WAS
IN KINDERGARTEN AGAIN.
OH, NOT ME. DID I EVER TELL YOU
ABOUT DAVID ANTHONY?
HE USED TO CALL ME
"CAM THE HAM."
OKAY, LILY'S DAY.
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S GONNA BE A GREAT DAY.
I'M JUST SAYING,
IT'S DIFFICULT TO GROW UP
WITH A NAME THAT RHYMES
WITH "HAM."
HELLO? MITCH? WITCH. TWITCH.
(whispers) BITCH.
(normal voice)
ELAINE STRITCH.
WHAT?
NOT ALL BULLIES
ARE STRAIGHT.
OKAY, PARENTS...
OH! (crying)
WE'LL SEE YOU AT 12:00.
(kisses)
ALL RIGHT. MM!
THIS IS
WHEN THE CRYING STARTS.
MM!
DOES IT EVER STOP?
OKAY, COME ON, CAM.
(voice breaks) OKAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT, LILY, SWEETIE?
I KNOW THIS IS
GONNA BE DIFFICULT--
BYE!
OKAY. THAT WAS A KNIFE
TO THE HEART.
NO, IT'S--IT'S A GOOD THING.
COME ON.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
SHE FORGOT HER SNACK.
OH.
WHERE'D SHE GO?
OW! THAT HURTS!
OH, LILY, HONEY!
SWEETHEART, COME HERE.
COME HERE.
IF YOU EVER PUT YOUR HANDS
ON MY DAUGHTER AGAIN,
I WILL STRING YOU UP BY YOUR
FEET, RUN YOU UP THE FLAGPOLE,
AND LET THE BIRDS
PECK OUT YOUR EYES.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
MR. TUCKER,
PUT THAT BOY DOWN!
HE PULLED MY DAUGHTER'S HAIR.
PLEASE APOLOGIZE TO CONNOR
FOR USING YOUR HANDS
INSTEAD OF YOUR WORDS.
SORRY, LITTLE FELLA.
I WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU
IN MY OFFICE.
RIGHT.
NOW, PLEASE.
ME, TOO? OH.
(whispers) HEY.
(mouthing words)
CAW! CAW!
STOP IT.
LEAVE HIM ALONE.
MR. TUCKER, WHAT HAPPENED
OUT THERE WAS UNACCEPTABLE.
I AGREE. IS THIS KINDERGARTEN
OR "THE HUNGER GAMES"?
I'M SPEAKING
OF YOUR BEHAVIOR.
WE'VE NEVER HAD
AN INCIDENT LIKE THIS,
AND NOW WE'VE HAD ONE
ON THE FIRST DAY--
BEFORE CIRCLE TIME.
WHAT THE FUDGE
WERE YOU THINKING?
NOW THE BOY'S PARENTS ARE
COMING IN, AND TRUST ME,
THEY'RE MAD AS HELLO KITTY.
OH, YOU TOLD HIS PARENTS
ON US? (scoffs)
THAT IS--THAT IS SO NOT COOL.
WELL, I'M SURE ONCE THEY HEAR
WHAT THEIR BOY DID,
THEY WILL BE UNDERSTANDING.
(door opens)
ALL RIGHT,
WHOEVER MADE OUR SON CRY
HAS MESSED
WITH THE WRONG MOMS.
(both) LESBIANS.
WHILE OFTEN LUMPED TOGETHER,
GAY MEN AND LESBIANS
HAVE LESS IN COMMON
THAN ONE MIGHT THINK.
LIKE IN THE VENN DIAGRAM
OF SEXUAL IDENTITY,
YOU HAVE GAY MEN...
AND STRAIGHT MEN.
BOTH THE SAME GENDER.
THEN YOU HAVE GAY MEN...
AND STRAIGHT WOMEN.
BOTH ATTRACTED
TO THE SAME GENDER.
BUT GAY MEN AND LESBIANS?
NOTHING.
I AM SO SORRY WE HAVE
TO MEET LIKE THIS,
BUT I'M SURE YOU CAN
UNDERSTAND, AS PARENTS,
THE INSTINCT
TO PROTECT YOUR CHILD.
YEAH, IT'S WHAT MAKES ME WANT TO
PUNCH YOU IN THE NECK RIGHT NOW.
WOW. I SEE WHERE YOUR SON
GETS ALL OF HIS AGGRESSION.
OKAY,
LET'S ALL TAKE A TIME-OUT.
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA. THIS IS
GETTING A LITTLE HEATED. RIGHT?
YEAH, PAM, WE DON'T WANT ANOTHER
INCIDENT LIKE AT THE LUMBERYARD.
OH, MY GOD. YOU GUYS GO
TO THE LUMBERYARD, TOO? D--
I DIDN'T KNOW
THEY HAD A LADIES' NIGHT.
NOT THE BAR, SALLY.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
HE'S TRYING TO BE NICE,
AND YOU JUST
CALLED HIM "SALLY."
YEAH, YOU'RE NOT BEING
VERY HELPFUL, PEPPERMINT PATTY.
OKAY. LET'S JUST STICK
TO OUR ACTUAL NAMES.
ENOUGH.
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU
A LITTLE HOMEWORK ASSIGNMENT.
I WANT YOU AND YOUR KIDS
TO HAVE A FAMILY PLAYDATE.
MAYBE IF THE FOUR OF YOU
CAN GET ALONG,
YOU CAN SET A BETTER EXAMPLE
FOR YOUR CHILDREN.
I THINK THAT'S
A WONDERFUL IDEA. PAM?
FINE.
CAM?
WE'LL HOST, OBVIOUSLY.
"OBVIOUSLY"?
WELL, I ASSUME YOU HAVE
AN UNFINISHED WOODWORKING
PROJECT AT YOUR HOUSE.
YOU'VE GOT A LOT OF NERVE.
YEAH, AND YOU'VE GOT
HALF A CANOE IN OUR LIVING ROOM.
I LOOK FORWARD
TO YOUR FRITTATA.
OH. WHY? ARE YOU
VISITING US IN 2008?
(whispers) OH, MY GOD.
(indistinct conversations)
(whispers) OKAY, THANKS.
(British accent)
BABY FOR YOU.
YOU HAVE SOME EXPLAINING
TO DO.
I'M SO SORRY THAT YOU HAD
TO FIND OUT LIKE THIS, JAY.
(laughs)
WOW, YOU TWO ARE REALLY
FAR ALONG.
WE'RE, UH, WE'RE STILL
IN OUR FIRST TRIMESTER.
AY, THAT'S NICE.
YEAH, WE'VE BEEN TRYING
TO GET PREGNANT FOR AGES.
SHE'S LATINA. YOU JUST GOT TO
LOOK AT HER FUNNY.
OKAY, NOW THAT EVERYONE
HAS THEIR DOLL,
LET'S TALK ABOUT SWADDLING.
NOW YOU WANT TO START BY TURNING
ONE CORNER OF THE BLANKET
TOWARD YOU, LIKE A DIAMOND,
AND FOLDING THE TOP DOWN,
LIKE THIS.
(lowered voice) I THINK THEY
MADE A MISTAKE AT THE HOSPITAL.
TOUGH ROOM.
NOW WE ARE GOING TO PULL
THE OTHER CORNER 'ROUND,
AND TUCK IT IN
NICE AND SNUG
LIKE A BURRITO.
DONE! I WIN.
(thud)
IT'S NOT A RACE.
YOU'RE DARN RIGHT.
IT WASN'T EVEN CLOSE.
AH! (laughs)
OKAY, IT'S GOOD,
BUT IT'S A LITTLE TIGHT.
IT'S A BURRITO. YOU DON'T
WANT THE MEAT TO FALL OUT.
HERE. AND TRY LIKE THIS.
AND SEE?
NOW YOUR BABY CAN BREATHE.
I WRAPPED MY SON WITH ONE HAND
WHILE DRIVING A STICK.
I THINK I KNOW
HOW TO KEEP A BABY SAFE.
(scoffs)
MAN, I LOVE
BEING BACK IN THE DORMS.
IT'S LIKE I NEVER LEFT.
THROW UP A DAVID COPPERFIELD
POSTER, THIS COULD BE MY ROOM.
HONEY, HALEY AND I HAVE TO GO
FILL OUT SOME PAPERWORK.
WHY DON'T YOU THROW THE LINENS
ON THE BED?
OH, AND MOVE THE CAR
BEFORE THEY TOW US.
OKAY.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT IS THAT SHIRT?!
PRETTY SWEET, HUH?
"HALEY DUNPHY MOVING CO."
SEE? 'CAUSE WE'RE
MOVING YOU HERE-- AND HERE.
(laughs)
AND ALSO...
HERE.
MAN, YOU USED TO LOVE IT
WHEN WE SWUNG YOU LIKE THAT.
I BET WE COULD STILL DO IT.
YEAH!
YEAH.
OH, NO, NO. NO, NO, NO!
DON'T YOU DARE PICK ME UP!
AND TAKE THAT SHIRT OFF.
WHAT? WHY?
IT'S CUTE!
IT'S NOT CUTE! DO YOU SEE
WHAT'S HAPPENING OUT THERE?
PEOPLE ARE WALKING AROUND
AND JUDGING EACH OTHER.
NO, THEY'RE NOT.
OH, REALLY?
YOU DIDN'T SEE THE WAY
MUFFIN TOP ACROSS THE HALL
WAS LOOKING AT ME? PEOPLE CAN
BE CRUEL. SO TAKE IT OFF.
FINE.
OH, MY GOD!
PUT ON A SHIRT!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
FROM ME!
"YOU ONLY GET ONE CHANCE
AT A FIRST IMPRESSION.
I SUGGEST JULIA CHILD,
BECAUSE IT'S EASY TO DO."
(imitates Julia Child)
"SAVE THE GIBLETS."
(laughs)
(Connor, singsong voice)
TIME TO GO TO THE BEACH!
(Mitchell) YOU'RE GONNA
GO TO THE BEACH WITH A DOG?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I DID
TO DESERVE THIS.
YEAH.
I WANT TO SHOW
CONNOR MY TOYS.
OH, OKAY.
YOU DO THAT, SWEETIE.
HEY, CONNOR, UH,
NO HAIR PULLING.
THANK YOU FOR THAT.
OKAY, WE HAVE AN ASSORTMENT
OF SPRING ROLLS HERE.
ALL VEGETARIAN, OF COURSE.
OH, 'CAUSE I'M A LESBIAN,
I'M AUTOMATICALLY A VEGETARIAN?
WELL, I SAW IT ON "THE L WORD."
I ASSUME THEY HAVE CONSULTANTS.
I'M JUST SAYING
IT'S AN OFFENSIVE STEREOTYPE.
OKAY, PAM,
YOU ARE A VEGETARIAN.
WOW!
KNOCK IT OFF.
(Mitchell) WORKED OUT.
(chuckles)
YEAH. SO GLAD
THAT WE ARE DOING THIS.
YEAH. YEAH, ME, TOO.
(woman) YEAH.
I MEAN, WE'RE THE ONLY
GAY PARENTS IN THE CLASS.
YEAH, WE SHOULD
BE SUPPORTING ONE ANOTHER.
I MEAN, WE HAVE SO MUCH
IN COMMON.
EXACTLY.
SO...
TELL US ABOUT YOURSELVES.
I'M AN ENVIRONMENTAL LAWYER.
UH, AND I'M A HOMEMAKER.
HMM.
AND--AND, UH,
AND WHAT DO YOU DO?
I'M A FINANCIAL CONSULTANT.
I'M A CONTRACTOR.
HMM.
YOU THOUGHT
I WAS A P.E. TEACHER?
(Cameron) WELL, FIGURED.
HEY, I HAVE A QUESTION
REAL QUICK.
HOW DO YOU GUYS GET THE CAR SEAT
ON THE MOTORCYCLE?
UH, YOU KNOW, CONNOR IS HAVING
A BIRTHDAY NEXT WEEK.
MAYBE LILY WOULD LIKE TO COME.
OH, SHE WOULD LOVE THAT.
OH, GREAT.
ARE YOU GUYS HAVING A CLOWN?
OH, GOD, NO.
I HATE CLOWNS
THEY'RE SO CREEPY.
MAYBE YOU JUST DON'T LIKE THEM
BECAUSE THEY WEAR MAKEUP.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I'M OUT.
OKAY. RIGHT THIS WAY.
PAM.
CONNOR, WE'RE LEAVING!
PAM! PAM!
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
CAM USED TO BE A CLOWN.
"USED TO BE"? ONCE A CLOWN,
ALWAYS A CLOWN.
GOD! NOT NOW! NOT NOW!
STOP IT! STOP IT!
CONNOR, LET'S GO.
PAM.
(door rattles)
(doorknob rattles)
WHAT?
WHY IS THIS DOOR LOCKED?
HERE. LET ME, PLEASE.
LILY, OPEN THIS DOOR
RIGHT NOW.
OKAY.
I'M NOT HEARING ANYTHING.
I'M SURE THEY'RE FINE.
OH, HOW ARE YOU SURE?
(door rattles)
CONNOR!
LILY!
(high-pitched voice) LILY!
MAKE THE WATER
COMFORTABLY WARM
90 TO 100 DEGREES MAX.
AND NEVER LEAVE THE TUB
UNSUPERVISED.
(stifling laugh)
(coughs)
IS THERE SOMETHING YOU TWO WANT
TO SHARE WITH THE CLASS?
NO. IT'S DIRTY.
EXCUSE ME.
WE'RE TRYING TO LEARN HERE.
DON'T WORRY SO MUCH.
BABIES ARE TOUGHER
THAN YOU THINK.
WHEN I WAS 5 YEARS OLD,
MY BABYSITTER WAS A GOAT.
WHAT?
AY, PLEASE.
YOU KNOW ABOUT LUPE.
YOU NEVER SAID
SHE WAS A GOAT.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S GREAT THAT WE HAVE
A COUPLE OF EXPERIENCED PARENTS
IN THE CLASS.
PERHAPS YOU CAN SHARE SOME OF
YOUR WISDOM WITH THE REST OF US.
ABSOLUTELY.
IT'S NOT ROCKET SCIENCE.
IT'S BABIES.
THEY'RE HUNGRY, YOU FEED 'EM.
THEY'RE TEETHING,
YOU GIVE 'EM SOME SCOTCH.
SCOTCH?
(woman) REALLY?
WHAT?
SO WE LEFT.
I DIDN'T NEED A LECTURE
FROM MARY POPPINS.
AND I WAS SUDDENLY IN A MOOD
FOR A BURRITO.
I'D LIKE ADMISSION
TO YOUR STUDENT BODY.
AAH! (gasps)
OH, MY GOODNESS!
I AM SO SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY WIFE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HE GRABBED ME AND SAID--
I THOUGHT SHE WAS MY WIFE.
MY WIFE WORKS OUT A LOT.
(Haley) DAD?
(man) HOW'D HE GRAB YOU?
HE SQUEEZED MY BUTT.
HE WHAT?
PHIL!
I THOUGHT IT WAS YOU!
BELIEVE ME, SIR.
I'M A RESPECTED REALTOR.
THIS IS AN INNOCENT MISTAKE.
HONEY, TURN AROUND
AND SHOW HIM YOUR--YOUR BUTT.
IT--IT'S UNCANNY.
DAD.
I AM VERY NORMAL. PLEASE DO NOT
JUDGE ME BASED ON THEM.
ARE THOSE YOUR
"MY LITTLE PONY" SHEETS?
WHAT? NO!
OH. I ORDERED THEM ONLINE.
THEY MUST'VE SENT
THE WRONG ONES. I'M VERY SORRY.
THAT'S WHAT WAS
IN THE BOX. OH!
(Haley gasps)
(Phil) OKAY.
UH, FOR THE RECORD,
I AM A RESPECTED REALTOR.
THOSE ARE NOT MY CONDOMS.
SHE BOUGHT 'EM.
OH, MY GOD.
APPARENTLY, THAT'S WHAT
PEOPLE DO THESE DAYS--
BUY CONDOMS FOR THEIR KIDS.
UH-HUH.
WHEN I WENT TO COLLEGE,
MY PARENTS BOUGHT ME
A BICYCLE HELMET.
THAT WAS THEIR IDEA OF SAFETY.
CERTAINLY DIDN'T NEED CONDOMS.
NOT IF YOU WERE WEARING
A BIKE HELMET AROUND CAMPUS,
YOU DIDN'T. (laughs) AM I RIGHT?
UGH!
WHY DON'T WE LET YOU GUYS
FINISH,
AND WE'LL COME BACK LATER?
OKAY.
YEAH. YEP.
YEAH.
YEAH, THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
SEE YOU ON PARENTS WEEKEND!
THEY SEEM NICE.
GUYS, I--
I KNOW. I KNOW.
LOOK, WE NEED TO REORGANIZE
A LITTLE.
YOUR DAD WILL GO OUT
AND GET US SOME NEW SHEETS.
YOU AND I CAN HANG UP
ALL THE PICTURES ON THE WALLS.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I THINK IT'S BEST
IF YOU GUYS GET GOING.
BUT WE--WE WANTED
TO HELP YOU, SWEETIE.
NO, I GOT IT.
W-WHAT IF YOU WANT TO
MOVE THE FURNITURE AROUND?
AND WE WERE GONNA TAKE YOU
TO DINNER BEFORE WE LEFT.
I LIKE THE FURNITURE WHERE
IT IS, AND I'M NOT HUNGRY.
SO...
OKAY.
UM, WELL, UH,
BEFORE WE LEAVE,
I WANTED TO GIVE YOU
A LITTLE PRESENT.
OHH.
IT'S ACTUALLY NOT
A LITTLE PRESENT.
IT'S PROBABLY THE BEST PRESENT
YOU'RE EVER GONNA GET.
IT'S A COLLECTION
OF ALL THE THINGS I'VE LEARNED--
THANKS.
UH...
(woman over P.A.) ATTENTION.
DORM MEETING
IN THE COMMON ROOM.
OKAY, SO...
I BETTER GO.
I KNOW.
OKAY.
OKAY, COME HERE.
THAT'S MY GIRL.
(chuckles)
LET ME GET IN THERE.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
BYE!
BYE.
"THE MOST AMAZING THINGS
THAT CAN HAPPEN TO A HUMAN BEING
"WILL HAPPEN TO YOU
IF YOU JUST LOWER
YOUR EXPECTATIONS."
OH, THEY'VE GOT SOMETHING
OVER THE HOLE.
(high-pitched voice) LILY!
CONNOR!
WE CAN'T SEE ANYTHING
FROM OUTSIDE.
THE CURTAINS ARE CLOSED.
OPEN UP, CONNOR!
WE'LL LET YOU HAVE A HOT DOG!
WHAT IF SOMETHING HAPPENED
TO THEM?
WHAT KIND OF HAZARDS
DO YOU KEEP IN THERE?
WELL, LET'S SEE. THAT'S WHERE
WE KEEP OUR GUN COLLECTION,
OUR ABANDONED REFRIGERATOR,
AND OUR CHOCOLATE-COVERED
HYPODERMIC NEEDLES.
WHY ARE GAY MEN
ALWAYS SO SARCASTIC?
IT'S MY COPING MECHANISM!
OKAY, THAT'S IT!
LILY, CONNOR,
IF YOU CAN HEAR ME,
BACK AWAY FROM THE DOOR.
I'M GONNA BREAK IT DOWN.
I'LL HELP YOU.
(Lily) I DON'T WANT CONNOR
TO GO!
(Connor) I WANT TO STAY!
OH, THANK GOD
THEY'RE ALIVE!
I LOVE HIM!
NO, YOU LOVE THE IDEA OF HIM.
NOW OPEN THIS DOOR, SWEETIE.
(Connor)
CAN WE REALLY HAVE HOT DOGS?
YES, WE PROMISE.
(Pam) OH!
(Mitchell)
COME HERE, SWEETHEART.
(Cameron) IF YOU ASK ME,
SOMETIMES WE FOCUS TOO MUCH
ON OUR DIFFERENCES.
THERE'S ONE THING THAT
ALL PARENTS HAVE IN COMMON.
WHEN IT COMES TO THE SAFETY
AND WELL-BEING OF OUR CHILDREN,
WE'RE ALL
A LITTLE BIT NUTS.
YOU HAVE DAINTY LITTLE HANDS,
JUST LIKE YOUR DAUGHTER.
YOU HAVE BOOTS LIKE MY DAD.
I'M NOT SAYING THAT THE GOAT PUT
ME TO SLEEP OR BRUSHED MY TEETH.
IT JUST STAYED OUTSIDE
MY BEDROOM WINDOW
AND SCARED
ALL THE STRANGERS AWAY.
WELL, I'M NOT GONNA LIE.
I'M A LITTLE DISAPPOINTED.
HEY, KID!
JAY, MOM, HOW WAS CLASS?
IT WAS GREAT.
IT WAS VERY EDUCATING AND--
AND NOW WE KNOW EVERYTHING
ABOUT THE BABY, NO?
MM-HMM. INTERESTING,
BECAUSE YOUR TEACHER CALLED,
AND YOU FORGOT YOUR SUNGLASSES
WHEN YOU LEFT...
THREE HOURS EARLY.
AY, MANNY, DON'T BE MAD.
I'M NOT MAD.
JUST DISAPPOINTED.
I HATE THIS.
I PREFER WHEN HE SCREAMS.
MANNY, IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
THEY WEREN'T TELLING US ANYTHING
WE DIDN'T ALREADY KNOW.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE A BABY.
AM I THE ONLY ONE
WHO'S TERRIFIED?
BUT WHY?
WHY ARE YOU SO TERRIFIED?
WHAT IF IT DOESN'T KNOW
NOT TO PICK UP KNIVES
OR STICK ITS FINGER
IN AN ELECTRIC SOCKET?
YOU WERE PRETTY LAX, MOM.
I WAS THE ONE WHO TOLD YOU
TO TURN THE POT HANDLES
TOWARDS THE STOVE
SO I COULDN'T REACH THEM.
MANNY, I DIDN'T WORRY
ABOUT THOSE THINGS
BECAUSE YOU WORRIED
FOR THE BOTH OF US.
WHAT IF THIS BABY DOESN'T
THINK THINGS THROUGH?
IT'S PART JAY.
NO OFFENSE TAKEN.
IF THE BABY'S DIFFERENT,
WE'LL BE DIFFERENT.
HEY.
WHEN YOU WERE GROWING UP,
YOU HAD TO BE
THE MAN OF THE HOUSE
AND THE KID.
NOW I'M HERE.
YOU JUST HAVE TO BE THE KID.
I'M NOT GONNA LET ANYTHING
HAPPEN TO THE BABY,
JUST LIKE I'M NOT EVER GONNA
LET ANYTHING HAPPEN TO YOU.
OKAY?
OKAY. THAT IS A LOAD OFF.
ALTHOUGH YOU FORGOT TO PICK ME
UP LAST WEEK AFTER TANGO CLASS.
WE DIDN'T FORGET.
WE WERE JUST TEN MINUTES LATE.
TEN MINUTES IS A LONG TIME
IN A SKETCHY NEIGHBORHOOD.
PLEASE. IT WAS BETWEEN
A GYMBOREE AND A POTTERY BARN.
"DANCE UNTIL YOUR FEET HURT.
"SING UNTIL YOUR LUNGS HURT.
ACT UNTIL YOU'RE WILLIAM HURT."
HOW YOU DOING?
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH. NO, I'M...
I'M--I'M--I'M GOOD. YOU?
FINE. YEAH.
GREAT.
(indistinct conversations)
(Phil's voice)
"TAKE A LESSON FROM PARAKEETS.
"IF YOU'RE EVER
FEELING LONELY,
JUST EAT IN FRONT OF A MIRROR."
"NEVER BE AFRAID
TO REACH FOR THE STARS,
"BECAUSE EVEN IF YOU FALL,
YOU'LL ALWAYS BE WEARING
A PARENT-CHUTE."
TM."
(chuckles)
(cell phone rings)
HALEY. HI, HONEY.
YOU OKAY?
YEAH.
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?
ALMOST HOME, HONEY.
Dad, I really like that book.
YOU DO?
SWEETHEART,
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
Yeah, I just wanted to say
thank you for everything,
YOU KNOW, TODAY AND STUFF.
O-OF COURSE.
SURE.
OF COURSE. IF--IF YOU NEED
ANYTHING AT ALL...
(voice breaks)
YOU JUST CALL US.
I'LL PROBABLY NEED
SOME MORE CONDOMS SOON.
Not funny.
I'M SENDING YOU
SOME CARE BEAR SHEETS.
Anyway,
I SHOULD PROBABLY GET GOING.
WE HAVE ORIENTATION AT 7:00 A.M.
G-GOOD LUCK WITH THAT,
SWEETIE.
I LOVE YOU, GUYS.
WE LOVE YOU, TOO, HONEY.
SO, SO MUCH.
Bye.
BYE, HALEY.
(mouths word)
I'll miss you.
"MARRY SOMEONE WHO LOOKS SEXY
WHILE DISAPPOINTED."
SEE?
"OLDER BLACK LADIES MAKE
THE BEST ICED TEA."
"SUCCESS IS 1% INSPIRATION,
"98% PERSPIRATION,
AND 2% ATTENTION TO DETAIL."
"YOU CAN TELL A LOT
ABOUT A PERSON
FROM HIS BIOGRAPHY."
"WATCH A SUNRISE
AT LEAST ONCE A DAY."
"IF YOU LOVE SOMETHING,
SET IT FREE,
UNLESS IT'S A TIGER."
"IF YOU'RE EVER IN JAM,
"A CRAYON SCRUNCHED UP
UNDER YOUR NOSE
MAKES A GOOD
PRETEND MUSTACHE."
"WHEN LIFE GIVES YOU LEMONADE,
"MAKE LEMONS.
LIFE'LL BE ALL, LIKE, "WHAT?!"